# Hello-world---
My first repository on GitHub! Yeaaah :-)
Hello everyone. My name is Bojana Dimitrijevic. I am an Economic Analyst with over 10 years of expereince in  Production, Sales, Marketing, Accounting and HR depertment.
After obtaining Bachelor and Master degree in Economics, I started working in production company. I have started at Local Sales Manager position and then advanced to Key Account Manager for Serbia where one part of my working tasks was to organize human resources in company. Two years ago I have finished course that is related to HR in IT sector. In order to form a quality team, I had to organize constructive and detailed interview with the employees. My task was also to do serious estimation, to test potential employees by giving them some tasks and to provide a proper training for them. After hiring new stuff, I carefully followed their work and with their assistance work on sales planning and informing chief executive about achieved goals. During working process it is important for all members of team to be open for new solutions and to hear their opinion about some business facts that can help in improving the overall results of company.
During my working experience I had chance to meet with many different people from IT sector. And then starts my passion for programming. First time when I was introduced to programming was when in our company software for food production was created and then implemented at place. I worked with software developers on explaining them what activities should be covered and how errors should be minimized or eliminated. Later I worked closely with software developers who created software for tracking documents and activity flow in our company in order to reduce business costs. At the end, I participated in ideas about improving web page of our company. What I attracted most in programming was that for every single problem there can be found several solutions some more effective and efficient and some less. One problem can be solved by writing codes in different forms, which can enhance creativity, analytical and logical thinking. Most of the things in programming can be learn the best when you leave your comfort zone and catch up with new, interesting and challenging problems. Will for constant personal improvement is another great thing in programming since at my present job I am always open for new knowledge and skills that can help me improve in both personal and business area.
I have chosen Python for learning for several reasons. First, as I have academic background in Economics it can help me in to better analyze data through different libraries linked with data science and then machine learning and natural language programming. Second, Python covers web development area, which is also very interesting to me since I would like to expose my creativity more through building web applications. Third, Python is multifunctional programming language, since it covers huge specter of areas from data science to web and android development to crypto currencies and even robotics thanks to many free and high quality libraries that Python offers. Fourth, syntax is easy to learn and understandable, especially for beginners. Fifth, there is huge Python community in the world that can help you if you have any problems with developing projects and this kind support can help rookies in Python who can later help some other people that face with some developing problems in Python. Python is language of present and future and I would really like to be a part of projects where Python use can help in improving communities and businesses which will in the end lead to creating a world as a better place for everyone.   
